// Your recommended changes go here

## Content (1-2 paragraphs)
At L.L.Bean, I spent 4 years redesigning the website’s header, footer, and entire product taxonomy, which went live a couple of weeks ago.  The project involved selling the changes at all levels of the organization and doing ridiculous amounts of user research to satisfy the organization’s quantitative needs because it was such a high profile change that impacts all areas of the organization.
I started by looking at all of the content in the existing header and footer and deciding that, in order to have the biggest user impact, we also needed to look at the product taxonomy.  I conducted a tree test of the existing taxonomy to show how difficult it was to find products and then conducted several rounds of card sorting to determine the best approach for the redesign.  I then conducted several rounds of tree testing on a redesigned taxonomy that performed much better than the testing on the current state, iterating after each round.
I then created interactive prototypes in Axure for a new header and footer using the new taxonomy, which performed well in usability studies.  In addition, there were a couple of highly political changes that had to be sold to high level executives, so I conducted first click testing on comps with the redesigned header, footer, and taxonomy for a few tasks around those areas to prove that users could still find products that were in those key areas using the new design.
After that, the project was only approved if we could A/B test the old and new taxonomies, so a second product database had to be built, which put the taxonomy changes on hold for a while.  In the meantime, we implemented a version of the redesigned header and footer without the taxonomy changes.  After the A/B testing proved that the new taxonomy performed better than the old one, the changes went live on the site.
Llbean.com before redesign: https://web.archive.org/web/20121226195926/http://www.llbean.com/
Llbean.com after redesign: https://www.llbean.com/
